hey everyone and productions machinima
here and I'm back after a long hiatus
I'm finally here with a new episode of
pirate this and I gotta say this is the
first time I'm actually speaking here in
a video that I know a lot of people are
gonna watch and it's probably gonna be a
long time until you hear me speaking
another video again cuz talking is not
usually my thing in fact even in this
video I'll try not to talk that much I
rather let the gameplay do the talking
for itself but I will make a few
comments here and there so yeah Mirror's
Edge I actually played this before a
while back on a legit copy of course and
it was a pretty fun game after I met I
look forward to its sequel I forgot what
it was coming out but I'll be picking up
the day of its release
I heard it's gonna be a bit more combat
oriented which kind of Concerned me but
as long as it's still gonna have a
running aspect then I have no problem
with that really so let's just get
started here so the highest difficulty I
could choose is normal but doesn't
matter in this game is relatively easy
anyways check out these new training
grounds pretty slick out so let's not
run around and you so get there just go
the flow okay
so if this robot really is mixed up with
pulp smarter and Kate set up and he sure
won't be a talker you'll be a fighter
yeah
you